Clarify basic authentication (#2164)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.17/installation/auth.md

  - [Okta](#okta)

Sensu requires username and password authentication to access the [Sensu dashboard][1], [API][8], and command line tool ([sensuctl][2]).

> You can use Sensu's built-in basic authentication or an external authentication provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Sensu's built-in basic authentication provider or configure external authentication providers to authenticate via Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP), Active Directory (AD), or OpenID Connect.
```

## Use built-in basic authentication

> Sensu's built-in basic authentication allows you to create and manage user credentials (usernames and passwords) with the [users API][53], either directly or using [sensuctl][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sensu's built-in basic authentication provider allows you to create and manage user credentials (usernames and passwords) with the [users API][53], either directly or using [sensuctl][2].
```

> Basic authentication does not require any external configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The basic authentication provider does not depend on external services and is not configurable.
```

> With basic authentication, you can create and manage [default user credentials][3], configure [role-based access control (RBAC)][4], and [create read-only users][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating users via the basic authentication provider, you can manage their permissions via [role-based access control (RBAC)][4]. See [Create read-only users][5] for an example.
```

> ## AD authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Active Directory (AD) authentication {#ad-authentication}
```

optional suggestion -- not sure if this introduces too much out-of-scope change but this sort of bothered me

Sensu offers [commercial support][6] for using Microsoft Active Directory (AD) for authentication to the Sensu dashboard, API, and sensuctl.
The AD authentication provider is based on the [LDAP authentication provider][44].

> ### AD configuration examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Active Directory (AD) configuration examples {#ad-configuration-examples}
```
